I remember distinctly, and
it’s with great embarrassment,
that we had a discussion about trans women.
This was probably pre-2000. Our concern was,
you know, “Are men going to start coming to
the event?,” kind of thing. So, I remember
saying this [groans]: “If you can put your dick
in a drawer, you can come.” Which is a horrible,
horrible way to frame it, but that was sort of...
So, when I opened my store in 1997, it was really
hard to find good quality silicone toys that
looked like penises. At the time they were all
goddesses and dolphins and... Right? It couldn’t
look like a penis because this was seen as very
male and the whole idea of that was rape. Right?
[coughs] That penetration was rape, but if it was
with a goddess, it was okay. [laughs] So, queer,
cisgendered women were, you know, using strap-ons,
and so it was okay if you could take it off and
put it in a drawer, but that we were very much
not trans women inclusive, and trans men were
not really on our radar at that point either.